bpo-40017: add CLOCK_TAI constant to the time module, if the constant is defined (#19096)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-03-21-00-46-18.bpo-40017.HFpHZS.rst

> Added the CLOCK_TAI constant to the time library, if the operating system support is.

Reviewer: Phrase it in the imperative. I.e., change "Added" to "Add".

(Now that I think of it "expose" might be better.)

remove the comma

`/is/it/`

> Expose the CLOCK_TAI constant to the time library if the operating system support it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add :data:`time.CLOCK_TAI` constant, if the operating system support it: International Atomic Time.
```

Author: You and @benjaminp seem to have different ideas for this entry. I've gone with @vstinner's version for now, but @benjaminp if you want something else perhaps the two of you can agree?
